I was a good soldier I had purpose
I loved it I think it's important that
if we're gonna tell a story about
veterans and make a movie about them
that we enlist them to be part of it
that we include them because we're
playing real people and we're telling
their story there's a certain added
responsibility solo Amanda Adam they
have been so generous in the way that
they have shared their stories it's
fused us together in a really unique way
what you got I don't see nothing man
you don't see he feels it the fact that
we surround ourselves with the real
people that went through this adds a
real sense of authenticity to it as well
sergeant it's nice to be a part of this
and it means so much more to me that
they're allowing that input to be thrown
in it's the best form of research in the
actor can get to just be surrounded by
the people you play there's a great
camaraderie between us and the guys all
the training we've done we've developed
a relationship where all we have to do
is look at each other now which was one
of the most important things that
Jason's supported I know this don't look
like much of her life but everyone when
I get up I'm grateful I'm alive because
he everyone has felt a lot of time
getting to know who the real people are
behind this story and for me that's the
heart of this thing
we were tapped into who they are and
what they went through then maybe we can
create something special we wanted it to
be perfect
I'm home with my favorite girls it's
perfect people I couldn't feel any more
proud or happy about the direction this
movie is going their hearts and minds
are in the right place and it is
completely exceeded any expectation I
could ever have that's some bad days bro
maybe that's all they were bad days yeah
some good days too
[Music]
you